type Response struct {
	// Unique identifier for this Response.
	ID string `json:"id,required"`
	// Unix timestamp (in seconds) of when this Response was created.
	CreatedAt float64 `json:"created_at,required"`
	// An error object returned when the model fails to generate a Response.
	Error ResponseError `json:"error,required"`
	// Details about why the response is incomplete.
	IncompleteDetails ResponseIncompleteDetails `json:"incomplete_details,required"`
	// A system (or developer) message inserted into the model's context.
	//
	// When using along with `previous_response_id`, the instructions from a previous
	// response will not be carried over to the next response. This makes it simple to
	// swap out system (or developer) messages in new responses.
	Instructions ResponseInstructionsUnion `json:"instructions,required"`
	// Set of 16 key-value pairs that can be attached to an object. This can be useful
	// for storing additional information about the object in a structured format, and
	// querying for objects via API or the dashboard.
	//
	// Keys are strings with a maximum length of 64 characters. Values are strings with
	// a maximum length of 512 characters.
	Metadata shared.Metadata `json:"metadata,required"`
	// Model ID used to generate the response, like `gpt-4o` or `o3`. OpenAI offers a
	// wide range of models with different capabilities, performance characteristics,
	// and price points. Refer to the
	// [model guide](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models) to browse and compare
	// available models.
	Model shared.ResponsesModel `json:"model,required"`
	// The object type of this resource - always set to `response`.
	Object constant.Response `json:"object,required"`
	// An array of content items generated by the model.
	//
	//   - The length and order of items in the `output` array is dependent on the
	//     model's response.
	//   - Rather than accessing the first item in the `output` array and assuming it's
	//     an `assistant` message with the content generated by the model, you might
	//     consider using the `output_text` property where supported in SDKs.
	Output []ResponseOutputItemUnion `json:"output,required"`
	// Whether to allow the model to run tool calls in parallel.
	ParallelToolCalls bool `json:"parallel_tool_calls,required"`
	// What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will
	// make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more
	// focused and deterministic. We generally recommend altering this or `top_p` but
	// not both.
	Temperature float64 `json:"temperature,required"`
	// How the model should select which tool (or tools) to use when generating a
	// response. See the `tools` parameter to see how to specify which tools the model
	// can call.
	ToolChoice ResponseToolChoiceUnion `json:"tool_choice,required"`
	// An array of tools the model may call while generating a response. You can
	// specify which tool to use by setting the `tool_choice` parameter.
	//
	// The two categories of tools you can provide the model are:
	//
	//   - **Built-in tools**: Tools that are provided by OpenAI that extend the model's
	//     capabilities, like
	//     [web search](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/tools-web-search) or
	//     [file search](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/tools-file-search).
	//     Learn more about
	//     [built-in tools](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/tools).
	//   - **Function calls (custom tools)**: Functions that are defined by you, enabling
	//     the model to call your own code. Learn more about
	//     [function calling](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/function-calling).
	Tools []ToolUnion `json:"tools,required"`
	// An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the
	// model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1
	// means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered.
	//
	// We generally recommend altering this or `temperature` but not both.
	TopP float64 `json:"top_p,required"`
	// Whether to run the model response in the background.
	// [Learn more](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/background).
	Background bool `json:"background,nullable"`
	// An upper bound for the number of tokens that can be generated for a response,
	// including visible output tokens and
	// [reasoning tokens](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/reasoning).
	MaxOutputTokens int64 `json:"max_output_tokens,nullable"`
	// The unique ID of the previous response to the model. Use this to create
	// multi-turn conversations. Learn more about
	// [conversation state](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/conversation-state).
	PreviousResponseID string `json:"previous_response_id,nullable"`
	// Reference to a prompt template and its variables.
	// [Learn more](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/text?api-mode=responses#reusable-prompts).
	Prompt ResponsePrompt `json:"prompt,nullable"`
	// **o-series models only**
	//
	// Configuration options for
	// [reasoning models](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/reasoning).
	Reasoning shared.Reasoning `json:"reasoning,nullable"`
	// Specifies the latency tier to use for processing the request. This parameter is
	// relevant for customers subscribed to the scale tier service:
	//
	//   - If set to 'auto', and the Project is Scale tier enabled, the system will
	//     utilize scale tier credits until they are exhausted.
	//   - If set to 'auto', and the Project is not Scale tier enabled, the request will
	//     be processed using the default service tier with a lower uptime SLA and no
	//     latency guarantee.
	//   - If set to 'default', the request will be processed using the default service
	//     tier with a lower uptime SLA and no latency guarantee.
	//   - If set to 'flex', the request will be processed with the Flex Processing
	//     service tier.
	//     [Learn more](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/flex-processing).
	//   - When not set, the default behavior is 'auto'.
	//
	// When this parameter is set, the response body will include the `service_tier`
	// utilized.
	//
	// Any of "auto", "default", "flex", "scale".
	ServiceTier ResponseServiceTier `json:"service_tier,nullable"`
	// The status of the response generation. One of `completed`, `failed`,
	// `in_progress`, `cancelled`, `queued`, or `incomplete`.
	//
	// Any of "completed", "failed", "in_progress", "cancelled", "queued",
	// "incomplete".
	Status ResponseStatus `json:"status"`
	// Configuration options for a text response from the model. Can be plain text or
	// structured JSON data. Learn more:
	//
	// - [Text inputs and outputs](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/text)
	// - [Structured Outputs](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/structured-outputs)
	Text ResponseTextConfig `json:"text"`
	// The truncation strategy to use for the model response.
	//
	//   - `auto`: If the context of this response and previous ones exceeds the model's
	//     context window size, the model will truncate the response to fit the context
	//     window by dropping input items in the middle of the conversation.
	//   - `disabled` (default): If a model response will exceed the context window size
	//     for a model, the request will fail with a 400 error.
	//
	// Any of "auto", "disabled".
	Truncation ResponseTruncation `json:"truncation,nullable"`
	// Represents token usage details including input tokens, output tokens, a
	// breakdown of output tokens, and the total tokens used.
	Usage ResponseUsage `json:"usage"`
	// A stable identifier for your end-users. Used to boost cache hit rates by better
	// bucketing similar requests and to help OpenAI detect and prevent abuse.
	// [Learn more](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/safety-best-practices#end-user-ids).
	User string `json:"user"`
	// JSON contains metadata for fields, check presence with [respjson.Field.Valid].
	JSON struct {
		ID                 respjson.Field
		CreatedAt          respjson.Field
		Error              respjson.Field
		IncompleteDetails  respjson.Field
		Instructions       respjson.Field
		Metadata           respjson.Field
		Model              respjson.Field
		Object             respjson.Field
		Output             respjson.Field
		ParallelToolCalls  respjson.Field
		Temperature        respjson.Field
		ToolChoice         respjson.Field
		Tools              respjson.Field
		TopP               respjson.Field
		Background         respjson.Field
		MaxOutputTokens    respjson.Field
		PreviousResponseID respjson.Field
		Prompt             respjson.Field
		Reasoning          respjson.Field
		ServiceTier        respjson.Field
		Status             respjson.Field
		Text               respjson.Field
		Truncation         respjson.Field
		Usage              respjson.Field
		User               respjson.Field
		ExtraFields        map[string]respjson.Field
		raw                string
	} `json:"-"`
}

